Wait, what's that? Do I hear something coming down the chimney?
Rick Santiches! He...
Noises?
Of course it makes the noises. That's like half the fun.
Awesome!
Wow, do not turn that on.
Wait, we live over a cool sushi spot?
Erashamase!
Tomo, Tomo, Tomo, Tomo, Tomo, Tomo!
Tomo!
Not now, though.
Okay, we overshot it.
Good problem to have.
Still doing the ear roll?
I told you we should have gone to ten.
No, Morty, not ten!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Get out!
What the fuck?
Rick!
You dumb fucking robot!
You had one job!
Hey, that job was to be a good grandpa.
I go where the kid goes.
Don't touch me!
How long have I...
You said you weren't a robot!
It killed me to lie to you, Morty, but it would have literally killed me not to lie
to you.
Betrayal!
Betrayal on all sides!
Don't overreact, Morty.
I replaced myself towards the beginning of that whole Knights of the Sun thing.
I'm no good to anybody until I resolve this arch nemesis crap.
You're still hunting the guy who killed your wife?
You don't have to rub it in, Morty.
That's why I removed myself.
I've become the thing I hate.
It's like a Netflix drama down here, and I don't mean an accidentally good one.
I mean a regular-ass Netflix drama.
I did you a favor.
You gave him a fucking lightsaber for Christmas?
It's almost like someone designed me to be 22% more thoughtful than you.
Right, that's it.
I'm shutting you down.
Don't you dare!
You've done enough!
The whole family, Rick.
Everybody loves this thing.
Oh, good.
By the way, your lightsaber's probably run out of subbasement by now, so congrats.
Unbelievable.
I can't believe you tricked us into loving you.
Not because I like it.
It's because it's my job.
But thank God I don't have to do it anymore.
The fuck you don't?
It's Christmas.
I'm gonna go up there and trick everyone into loving you more.
Let's get our miracle on.
Speaking of miracles...
What?
Board of your toy already?
Just excited to spend time with my family.
You know me and Morty, we're all about those streets.
Oh, would you look at this, New York City.
Wow, who would have thought it had so many streets and avenues too?
Oh gosh.
Not me for even wanting one and it is.
It's the worst Christmas ever.
Okay, Morty, Morty, Morty, Morty.
I shouldn't have talked to you like you're a Ewan official.
Let's get your embarrassing ass lightsaber back so you can swing it around instead of
kissing girls.
Whoa, you found me.
Found me.
Destroy the thing.
You've destroyed...
Neuro-typical cooties.
I have sun and laws more imaginative.
All right, just destroy the lightsaber.
Thought you'd never have.
But don't stop faster than a lightsaber.
Morty, you want front or back.
Who says the two of us are going?
You didn't even want to...
Oh, for fuck's sake, bye.
Good luck.
Don't blow up my planet.
You act like you're the one that got shot.
You're the one that got shot.
Oh, for fuck's sake, bye.
Good luck.
Don't blow up my planet.
You act like you're the one that got stabbed in the back.
Because I am the one, Morty.
You want to know why I replaced myself in the beginning of that stupid night to the
sun thing?
I said don't take the fucking sword.
And you were like, whatever.
Like I'm our neighbor Jean or David Arquette or something.
You called me boring.
I've become dog shit to you.
That's what happens when you let people in and they stop respecting you.
They touch your shit.
They screw things up.
They kill your fucking family.
Go ahead, trust them.
You're going to learn the same fucking thing.
I am not going to kill your family, Morty.
That means a lot.
In case this goes south.
Hurry to get into that shit show.
Approaching the lightsaber in T minus.
Shit.
Now.
T minus now.
Sorry.
I missed countdown day at the academy.
Now and never, Morty.
There it is.
Reverse the jets.
I got this.
Yeah.
No.
It was your rage when this shit was in theaters.
This franchise raised me, trained me, taught me good from evil, made having a bad father
empowering.
And when that third movie got all muppety, something in me began to rot.
But make no mistake, child.
I own Star Wars.
Not you.
Not that bubble throat, pop-a-door fuck.
Okay.
Oh.
Summer, do you have any drugs?
Are you serious?
I guess not.
I'm just glad I'm not the one that ruined Christmas.
Evil of earth.
I'm not the one that ruined Christmas.
You're a little too much.
For me, I'm not the one that ruined Christmas.
Oh.
I'm not that much.
You're a little too much.
You're not a little too much.
ruined Christmas.
Evil at Earth.
That's never good.
An abandoned hope.
We're doing everything we can to stop-
Back.
Then let's settle for the next best thing.
Oh, fuck.
Just let me die.
Turn me off.
Not that I can be turned off, because I'm obviously not a robot.
I think so.
Slowly closing door. Slide.
Oh no, I'm not gonna make it.
What a shame to be put out of my misery again.
Aw, man.
What the hell?
What was this, always part of the White House?
Carter built it with his own two hands.
Reagan tried to destroy it.
George W. added kegs to the cantina.
But only I saw its true value.
Mr. President, you need to come home and tell the people the truth.
The fuck I do.
George, get that saber.
Give it a minute.
Usually comes out on the fourth trial.
All right.
God definitely can't see.
It was a good idea otherwise.
I don't... I admit it. You were intimidating.
Now, Morty.
Come on. Put down the lightsaber Gatling Gun.
We had our fun, right?
Star Wars rules say you have to forgive me.
I'm done with that and I'm done with you, or...
No!
Rickbutt!
He sacrificed his life for me.
Yeah, don't be too touched. He's actively trying to die.
Ugh. It's okay. It doesn't hurt.
Oh, God. They're sliding, Morty.
They're sliding! They're sliding!
Perfect fucking vertical.
Save yourself, Morty.
Rick can build another me if I was a robot, which I'm not.
I don't want another you!
No!
But I never should have pushed you away. You were so great.
Of course I'm great. I'm Rick.
Rick literally built me to make you happy, Morty.
Anything I do is technically something Rick did.
But maybe he can do a little more himself.
God, how long do you take to die?
Goodbye, Morty.
Ugh, Jesus.
Rick, I guess this is a bad time to ask for a new White House.
Morty, would you mind calling me an Uber?
Right. Well, uh...
Merry Christmas!
I guess I'll go watch a guy scream about streets with the family.
Also, you need to shower.
Hey, maybe the robot's right.
I should have included you in my shit.
You can help me if you want.
Wow! Are those all the places Rick Prime could be?
I wish, Morty. It's all the places he is.
Oh, jeez.
Welcome to my darkness. I spent my life hunting this guy, Morty.
This is the closest I've ever been to catching Rick Prime.
It's impossible. He's an incredibly crafty piece of shit.
Hunting him destroyed me, Morty, but now we're gonna do it together.
You and me. It's gonna take over your life, Morty.
Rick and Morty, season 7. Hunting my nemesis.
Maybe trying to stay healthy while doing it.
Juggling plates. Not every episode, Morty.
It could be all happening in the background. Who knows?
No one will, except us.
It's the most painful shit I've ever had to deal with,
and I'm fucking bringing you into it because you asked for it, Morty.
You and me, Morty.
Oh, wee. What a season, huh?
Rick Prime therapy and that thing we did with Roy.
Remember that?
Sorry I wasn't around.
Been busy getting my little poopy butt in shape.
Been tonin' and bonin'.
You might think I'm overcompensating for the emptiness after Amy left with Poopy Jr.
but my trainer Carl says the best way to do it is to get a little bit of a break
and then you're gonna have to go to the gym.
I'm not gonna be a junior, but my trainer Carl says the best way to get over a girl
is to get under a 300-pound squat.
Damn right.
Who, wee? That's the good stuff.
Oh, sugar! Oh, sugar! Oh, sugar!
Lois, you're getting bad.